h1. Highrise Style Edit On Click

If there are many input fields in a form, the form page clutters up. 

This plugin makes input fields editable on click as mentioned here. http://37signals.com/designexplore/Highrise_Edit_Contacts

Each input field will have a blank state and an editable state. 


h3. Features

* Support for text input, text area and select fields
* Supports helpers from form builders

h3. Installation

If you have not installed this plugin using @script/plugin install@ script,
then copy assets/javascripts/edit_on_click.js file to your public/javascripts folder.
To load this file with your Rails app simply add the following line to your layout:

<pre><%= javascript_include_tag 'edit_on_click'%></pre>


If you have installed this as a plugin in redmine, then javascripts will be automatically 
copied to your public/plugin_assets/highrise-edit-on-click/javascripts folder
To load this file with your Rails app simply add the following line to your layout:

<pre><%= javascript_include_tag 'edit_on_click', :plugin => "highrise-edit-on-click" %></pre>


h3. Examples

If you are using form builders then use:

<pre><%= f.eoc_text_field :attribute_name, :alt_text => "text-for-blank-state" %></pre>
<pre><%= f.eoc_text_area :attribute_name, :alt_text => "text-for-blank-state" %></pre>
<pre><%= f.eoc_select :attribute_name, choices, :alt_text => "text-for-blank-state", {} %></pre>


You can also use it like:

<pre><%= eoc_text_field object_name, :attribute_name, :alt_text => "text-for-blank-state" %></pre>
<pre><%= eoc_text_area object_name, :attribute_name, :alt_text => "text-for-blank-state" %></pre>
<pre><%= eoc_select object_name, :attribute_name, choices, :alt_text => "text-for-blank-state", {} %></pre>


h3. Warnings

* Tested only in Firefox 3

Copyright (c) 2009 Udit Sajjanhar
